Now, let's talk about a use case of throttling.
Throttling is useful when the user performs continuous actions, such as scrawling or resizing even
in a game.
Let's say there is a gun which can fire one bullet per second, but you know a person playing a game
out of control always.
Now the person clicks the buttons more than three or four times in a second.
It should not fire the bullet.
It should fire the bullet after every second.
If that's the situation, throttling is something which can help you.
Let me show you one more example here.
I have created a very simple program which has just an image of a gun and on every click be fired,
the click count, and we also fire the bullet count.
It is the very same startling concept, so I have used the timer.
I have written the flag also.
Initially, it is true, so if it is true, then increment the bullet count, otherwise don't.
And then I'm resetting it inside an interval, saying fire, true after every 1000 milliseconds.
Let me just save this call.
This is attached with the resources, by the way.
Let's check the output now.
Let me click on the you see if I click very quickly, the bullet count is fired just very few times.
Where is the click gone?
The gun is fired for 57 times, but the bullet is just 20 times fired, so I'm saving the bullet also.
The very same concept is very handy when this is the situation where the user is trying to generate
more events, many events, but you want to control Asperger programs need.
Another common situation where you may think of throttling is the scroll event, for example, an interface
like Facebook, Instagram or Twitter where the user keeps on scrolling, which fires the scroll event
many times and on scroll, you might be dealing with images, heavy graphics or even videos.
In such cases, also throttling can improve the interface performance.
Now, you know what throttling is?
I'm sure you can also think of more situations where you can implement throttling.